[Music]
[Music] Saul reigned one year and when he had
Saul reigned one year and when he had
Saul reigned one year and when he had reigned two years over Israel Saul chose
reigned two years over Israel Saul chose
reigned two years over Israel Saul chose for himself 3,000 men of Israel 2000
for himself 3,000 men of Israel 2000
for himself 3,000 men of Israel 2000 where with soul in Mik mash and in the
where with soul in Mik mash and in the
where with soul in Mik mash and in the mountains of Bethel and a thousand where
mountains of Bethel and a thousand where
mountains of Bethel and a thousand where with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin the
with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin the
with Jonathan in Gibeah of Benjamin the rest of the people he sent away every
rest of the people he sent away every
rest of the people he sent away every man to his tent and Jonathan attacked
man to his tent and Jonathan attacked
man to his tent and Jonathan attacked the garrison of the Philistines that was
the garrison of the Philistines that was
the garrison of the Philistines that was in giba and the Philistines heard of it
in giba and the Philistines heard of it
in giba and the Philistines heard of it then Saul blew the trumpet throughout
then Saul blew the trumpet throughout
then Saul blew the trumpet throughout all the land saying let the Hebrews hear
all the land saying let the Hebrews hear
all the land saying let the Hebrews hear now all Israel heard it said that Saul
now all Israel heard it said that Saul
now all Israel heard it said that Saul had attacked a garrison of the
had attacked a garrison of the
had attacked a garrison of the Philistines and that Israel had also
Philistines and that Israel had also
Philistines and that Israel had also become an abomination to the Philistines
become an abomination to the Philistines
become an abomination to the Philistines and the people were called together to
and the people were called together to
and the people were called together to Saul at Gilgal then the Philistines
Saul at Gilgal then the Philistines
Saul at Gilgal then the Philistines gathered together to fight with Israel
gathered together to fight with Israel
gathered together to fight with Israel thirty thousand chariots and six
thirty thousand chariots and six
thirty thousand chariots and six thousand horsemen and people as the sand
thousand horsemen and people as the sand
thousand horsemen and people as the sand which is on the seashore in multitude
which is on the seashore in multitude
which is on the seashore in multitude and they came up and encamped and McMath
and they came up and encamped and McMath
and they came up and encamped and McMath to the east of Beth even when the men of
to the east of Beth even when the men of
to the east of Beth even when the men of Israel saw that they were in danger for
Israel saw that they were in danger for
Israel saw that they were in danger for the people were distressed then the
the people were distressed then the
the people were distressed then the people hid in caves in thickets in rocks
people hid in caves in thickets in rocks
people hid in caves in thickets in rocks in holes and in pits and some of the
in holes and in pits and some of the
in holes and in pits and some of the Hebrews crossed over the Jordan to the
Hebrews crossed over the Jordan to the
Hebrews crossed over the Jordan to the Land of gab and Gilead as for soul he
Land of gab and Gilead as for soul he
Land of gab and Gilead as for soul he was still in Gilgal and all the people
was still in Gilgal and all the people
was still in Gilgal and all the people followed him trembling then he waited
followed him trembling then he waited
followed him trembling then he waited seven days according to the time set by
seven days according to the time set by
seven days according to the time set by Samuel
Samuel
Samuel but Samuel did not come to Gilgal and
but Samuel did not come to Gilgal and
but Samuel did not come to Gilgal and the people were scattered from him so
the people were scattered from him so
the people were scattered from him so Saul said bring a burnt offering and
Saul said bring a burnt offering and
Saul said bring a burnt offering and peace offerings here to me and he
peace offerings here to me and he
peace offerings here to me and he offered the burnt offering now it
offered the burnt offering now it
offered the burnt offering now it happened as soon as he had finished
happened as soon as he had finished
happened as soon as he had finished presenting the burnt offering that
presenting the burnt offering that
presenting the burnt offering that Samuel came and sold went out to meet
Samuel came and sold went out to meet
Samuel came and sold went out to meet him that he might greet him and Samuel
him that he might greet him and Samuel
him that he might greet him and Samuel said what have you done when I saw that
said what have you done when I saw that
said what have you done when I saw that the people were scattered from me and
the people were scattered from me and
the people were scattered from me and that you did not come within the day's
that you did not come within the day's
that you did not come within the day's appointed and that the Philistines
appointed and that the Philistines
appointed and that the Philistines gathered together at McMath then I said
gathered together at McMath then I said
gathered together at McMath then I said the Philistines will now come down on me
the Philistines will now come down on me
the Philistines will now come down on me at Gilgal and I have not made
at Gilgal and I have not made
at Gilgal and I have not made supplication to the Lord therefore I
supplication to the Lord therefore I
supplication to the Lord therefore I felt compelled and offered a burnt
felt compelled and offered a burnt
felt compelled and offered a burnt offering you have not kept the
offering you have not kept the
offering you have not kept the commandment of the Lord your God which
commandment of the Lord your God which
commandment of the Lord your God which he commanded you now the Lord would have
he commanded you now the Lord would have
he commanded you now the Lord would have established your kingdom over Israel
established your kingdom over Israel
established your kingdom over Israel forever but now your kingdom shall not
forever but now your kingdom shall not
forever but now your kingdom shall not continue the Lord has sought for himself
continue the Lord has sought for himself
continue the Lord has sought for himself a man after his own heart and the Lord
a man after his own heart and the Lord
a man after his own heart and the Lord has commanded him to be commander over
has commanded him to be commander over
has commanded him to be commander over his people because you have not kept
his people because you have not kept
his people because you have not kept what the LORD commanded you then Samuel
what the LORD commanded you then Samuel
what the LORD commanded you then Samuel arose and went up from Gilgal to Gibeah
arose and went up from Gilgal to Gibeah
arose and went up from Gilgal to Gibeah of Benjamin and Saul numbered the people
of Benjamin and Saul numbered the people
of Benjamin and Saul numbered the people present with him about six hundred men
present with him about six hundred men
present with him about six hundred men Saul Jonathan his son and the people
Saul Jonathan his son and the people
Saul Jonathan his son and the people present with them remained in Gibeah of
present with them remained in Gibeah of
present with them remained in Gibeah of Benjamin
Benjamin
Benjamin but the Philistines encamped in mcNeish
but the Philistines encamped in mcNeish
but the Philistines encamped in mcNeish then Raiders came out of the camp of the
then Raiders came out of the camp of the
then Raiders came out of the camp of the Philistines in three companies one
Philistines in three companies one
Philistines in three companies one company turned onto the road to offer to
company turned onto the road to offer to
company turned onto the road to offer to the land of shul another company turned
the land of shul another company turned
the land of shul another company turned to the road to Beth Horan and another
to the road to Beth Horan and another
to the road to Beth Horan and another company turned to the road of the border
company turned to the road of the border
company turned to the road of the border that overlooks the valley of Zhi Bowen
that overlooks the valley of Zhi Bowen
that overlooks the valley of Zhi Bowen toward the wilderness now there was no
toward the wilderness now there was no
toward the wilderness now there was no blacksmith to be found throughout all
blacksmith to be found throughout all
blacksmith to be found throughout all the land of Israel for the Philistine
the land of Israel for the Philistine
the land of Israel for the Philistine said lest the Hebrews make swords or
said lest the Hebrews make swords or
said lest the Hebrews make swords or Spears but all the Israelites would go
Spears but all the Israelites would go
Spears but all the Israelites would go down to the Philistines to sharpen each
down to the Philistines to sharpen each
down to the Philistines to sharpen each man's ploughshare his mattock his axe
man's ploughshare his mattock his axe
man's ploughshare his mattock his axe and his sickle and the charge for a
and his sickle and the charge for a
and his sickle and the charge for a sharpening was a pin for the plowshares
sharpening was a pin for the plowshares
sharpening was a pin for the plowshares the Mattocks the forks and the axes and
the Mattocks the forks and the axes and
the Mattocks the forks and the axes and to set the points of the goats so it
to set the points of the goats so it
to set the points of the goats so it came about on the day of battle that
came about on the day of battle that
came about on the day of battle that there was neither sword nor spear found
there was neither sword nor spear found
there was neither sword nor spear found in the hand of any of the people who
in the hand of any of the people who
in the hand of any of the people who were with Saul and Jonathan but they
were with Saul and Jonathan but they
were with Saul and Jonathan but they were found with Saul and Jonathan his
were found with Saul and Jonathan his
were found with Saul and Jonathan his son and the garrison of the Philistines
son and the garrison of the Philistines
son and the garrison of the Philistines went out to the pass of mcNeish
went out to the pass of mcNeish
went out to the pass of mcNeish [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you